Doesn't this woman know the difference between men and women?
I don't know how to ward off evil at all
When I first came to the company
I heard that Manager Qiao's opposite sex relationship is the best
Especially handle relationships with male colleagues
Now it seems that the rumors are true
They were all hugged by others
Xiao Ran
You lost a lot of life after the variety show broadcast yesterday
Up 2 million fans
But can you be more mature in the future?
Stop being so childish
Sister, are you fat again?
I just touched your little belly, it's round
The waist is also thick
I have been eating too much autumn fat recently.
Can you make all this fuss?
The elf seems to have gained a little weight
But the fat place seems to be only the belly
I said, why is the big boss free to come?
It turns out that it can sweep away the white moonlight.
Someone around me still comes to see me
Hey take me one
Mr. Rong, you scared me
I didn't see you coming.
I heard that you are very good at handling relationships with male colleagues
This is normal communication between colleagues
Mr. Rong, you have always been in the atmosphere
Not like ordinary people like us
Don't you know the difference between men and women?
OK
Don't handle the relationship with him too well at the same time
Save on unnecessary expenses
Manager Qiao, women still need to love themselves